WCAG2ICT Overview update for FPWD August 2023 (#212)
w3c/wai-intro-wcag: content/non-web-ict.md

This page introduces the document: "Guidance on Applying WCAG 2.0 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)".

Quick links:

> * [WCAG2ICT Note for WCAG 2.o, 2013](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/)

Reviewer: I'm thinking this should say "WCAG 2.0" instead of "WCAG 2.o".

Author: yup. can you do a pull request for fixes, additions, edits, etc.

Reviewer: @shawna-slh I would have to do a fork of this, as I have no access to edit this branch. Is that what you intend for me to do?

Author: Yes please!

> * [WCAG2ICT Working Draft Note for WCAG 2.2](https://www.w3.org/@@) @@link

Reviewer 2: This is TR link
```suggestion
* [WCAG2ICT Working Draft Note for WCAG 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/2023/DNOTE-wcag2ict-20230815/)
```

Author: My understanding is that the draft we publish will replace the existing Note. Also, in these resources, we use the latest version link (partly because it's simpler for users and partly so it doesn't get stale.)

*This document:* **WCAG2ICT** is a W3C Working Group Note that is informative — it is not normative and does not set requirements. It provides guidance on the application of WCAG 2.0 principles, guidelines, and success criteria to non-web documents and software. WCAG2ICT was developed to provide an authoritative interpretation of how WCAG 2.0 can apply in different contexts. For information on the scope of WCAG2ICT, see the [WCAG2ICT Introduction](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict/#intro).

> *Update in progress:* @@ link to2.2  WD @@ draft includes guidance for WCAG 2.1 success criteria and glossary terms. We will add guidance for WCAG 2.2 success criteria and address open issues in later drafts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Update in progress:* [WCAG2ICT](https://wwww.w3.org/TR/2023/DNOTE-wcag2ict-20230815/) draft includes guidance for WCAG 2.1 success criteria and glossary terms. We will add guidance for WCAG 2.2 success criteria and address open issues in later drafts.
```

Assuming this is where we want to point to here as well.

Author: short URI instead of dated URI so it doesn't get stale

### Comments

> If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance sections of WCAG2ICT, @@ UPDATE with GitHub info @@ please send them to the public mailing list <public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.

Reviewer: The link to open issues for WCAG2ICT is https://github.com/w3c/wcag2ict/issues/new

> If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance sections of WCAG2ICT, @@ UPDATE with GitHub info @@ please send them to the public mailing list <public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any comments on the Additional Guidance sections of WCAG2ICT, you can open an issue at https://github.com/w3c/wcag2ict/issues/new. It is free to create a GitHub account. If GitHub is not feasible, please send comments to the public mailing list <public-wcag2ict-comments@w3.org>.
```

Author: I used the more specific and updated wording from the e-mail announcement. :)
